I want to wish a happy birthday to our
beloved security guard and friend more
friend than security guard for sure
Hyrum we'll have you heard you turned
how many years old yesterday 49 49 and
next year I've been thinking about it
for the next year for the big one I
think we should go on a trip together
just the two of us you know Wow maybe
they love Venice or something we can get
one of those gondolas minis up even if I
went east
Italy that's right oh yeah you have a
football pool here at our office for the
Super Bowl and we have the squares and I
noticed one particular square side
Guillermo are and now I know there are
other Guillermo in the world but why
they are is the Bachelorette or
something is there another Guillermo I
don't know about no what's your last
thing not many people know this gear
Mose last name is rock and roll it's
Guillermo rock in Washington today the
president's lawyers wrapped up their
opening arguments early and they only
use half the time they were allotted
today I guess there's only so many times
you can lie in a row but the president
has assembled quite a legal team
including Alan Dershowitz who
represented OJ and can the star who got
Bill Clinton impeached this guy can't
start first of all he shows up dressed
like the bad guy in the movie who wants
to kill the friendly alien the kids
found in the woods
so yesterday star told the Senators he
said like war impeachment is hell and
yes and like war Donald Trump is doing
everything he can to get out of it one
of trumps other lawyers whose name
this character Jay Sekulow he put it all
on the table today he checked off every
wacky 8chan conspiracy theory there is
the Biden's struck and Paige Bruce or
the FISA warrants mullet he even claimed
Trump made peace in the Middle East the
only he didn't mention was Hillary's
pedophile pizza parlor but he put on
quite a show he seems to be a terrible
lawyer but in fairness to Jay Sekulow he
is a terrible musician too I want you to
give it up for the Jay Sekulow ban
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah that's good Jay Sekulow man maybe
you recognize that banned from every
erectile dysfunction ad this is a real
band they have a Facebook page in music
videos they even have original songs
like this one titled undemocratic
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you three doors down so anyway
during this trial Kentucky senator Mitch
McConnell has been a major presence
taking charge or perhaps is his most
important duty as Majority Leader I
suggest we go ahead get through the
debate and vote before we take a
30-minute recess for dinner mr. Chief
Justice I think we're looking at a 45
minute break for dinner well then I'll
take a 30-minute break for dinner
will accommodate a 30-minute recess for
dinner mr. Chief Justice we'll take a
30-minute break for dinner at six
o'clock a break for dinner I was gonna
say yes was a break for dinner at 6:30
for about 30 minutes break break for
dinner is code for I have a prostate the
size of a watermelon now that the
opening arguments are over we moved to
the Q&A portion of the trial and on
Friday the main event as the Senate will
is expected to vote on whether or not to
allow witnesses that answer was a
probable not until the contents of a
book written by Trump's former national
security adviser John Bolton leaked to
the New York Times this book reportedly
claims that the president personally
told John Bolton he was holding up
military aid to Ukraine in exchange for
an announcement into the into the
Biden's and of course investigation the
Biden's which is of course the opposite
of what Trump and his lawyers have been
claiming the president and his henchmen
are now pushing back hard on this but
today Trump's former chief of staff John
Kelly said he believes Bolton the book
which is due out March is called the
room where it happened that which I'm
not sure why a book about how he lost
his virginity has anything
the impeachment trial but the book also
says Boulton feared the president was
doing personal favors for the leaders of
China and Turkey and it was especially
weird at Thanksgiving when the turkey
Trump tried to pardon was the country
instead of the third the White House is
reeling from this the officials there
was said to be blindsided why they were
blindsided I don't know john bolton
i mean look at this every photo of john
bolton he's writing a book this is not
he's constantly writing a book there are
no more books about Trump's incompetence
than the Goosebumps series but just to
recap john bolton the president's own
national security adviser who is known
for taking notes like a stressed-out
prep school freshman says he saw trump
do what he is being accused of doing
firsthand and most of the republican
senators like oh we don't need to talk
to him let's go home already but the
Coalition is cracking Mitch McConnell
told a group of Republican senators
today he no longer has the 51 votes he
needs to block witnesses Democrats need
for Republicans to join them too to get
witnesses to testify and they may have
one already in this guy I think it's
increasingly likely other Republicans
will will join those of us who think we
should hear from John Bowles I have
spoken with other soup a pint upon this
as well I think it's important to be
able to hear from John Bolton for us to
be able to make any personal judgment
that's right the mid is about to hit the
town and and it's
thought that the most rebellious senator
would be Mitt Romney but here we are
Mitt Romney he's been on the show he
seems to be a decent guy at MIT Senator
Romney I first I want to say I applaud
you for taking a stand and when most of
your fellow Republicans in the Senate
won't it's a good first step but we have
many more steps to go the man who is on
trial because he is the president United
States is in the position of being able
to decide which evidence gets shared
with the jury the defendant in the trial
gets to withhold evidence if he wants to
and that obviously is insane
but you senator Romney are not insane
you are a religious man you're a family
man who seems like you would like to do
the right thing and the right thing is
to insist on having a fair trial with
witnesses and evidence but we can't have
that without you the future of our
democracy is in your soft creamy hands
okay
now I know you want to do this and I
know you have principles in fact you
look like a principal of a high school
the president deserves a fair trial and
all we want is for you to give it to him
and if you do not only you're gonna be a
hero I'm gonna sweeten the pot a little
we know that other than water senators
have been allowed to drink one thing
during the trial do you know what that
is
milk and my guess is that no senator
he's chugging more that milked in here
and we also know that Mitt Romney loves
Twinkies so much so his staff got him a
Twinkie birthday cake which he then
weirdly put out candle by candle but
forget about that blow out the candles
however you like senator Romney this is
my promise to you if tomorrow you go to
work you March those pleated Dockers
into the Senate chamber and talk some
old-fashioned common sense into just a
few of your fellow Republican senators
if you do that I'm going to send you a
gift I'm just sending two gifts I'm
gonna send you number one your own milk
cow
[Applause]
zucchini
look at that beautiful milk isn't that
to set this value like so so go ahead
have a cow be the hero you were meant to
be don't just do this for yourself do it
for your grandchildren all 3,000 of them
and because no grassroots movement is
complete without a hashtag I am
encouraging all Americans including this
cow we want Senator Romney to demand a
fair trial with witnesses like every
other fair trial post about this with
the hashtag mitt or get off the pot all
right now Twinkie the kid right this cow
which is now becoming which I am now
becoming threatened by right this cow to
Washington and fill Mitt Romney with
cream
[Music]
[Applause]
okay looks like we have a full tank
- hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all of my ma goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you